fix(iam): auth methods (#5827)
scaleway/docs-content: macros/iam/login-member.mdx

          <Message type="tip">
            If you did not receive the email you can follow these steps, in order:
              - Make sure you check your spam folder
              - Click **Resend email**
              - Contact an Organization administrator to make sure your information was correctly registered
              - If none of the actions above work, ask an administrator to [contact the support](/account/how-to/open-a-support-ticket/#writing-an-effective-subject-and-description)
          </Message>
      4. Click **Continue**.
      </TabsTab>
      <TabsTab label="Password">
      1. Enter the username given to you by your Organization's Owner or administrator.
      2. Click **Enter password**.
      3. Type your password in the box.
      4. Click **Continue**.
      </TabsTab>
      <TabsTab label="SSO">
      Scaleway provides Single Sign-On (SSO) options for a seamless login experience. By default, you can use your Google or Github account to log in to the console. To do so, make sure the email address associated with your Scaleway account matches the email address of your Google or Github account.

      <Message type="important">

>        SAML SSO login is in Early Access. This means that currenttly, only a few Organizations can access and test the feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       SAML SSO login is in Early Access. This means that currently, only selected Organizations can access and test the feature.
```

              - Click **Resend email**
              - Contact an Organization administrator to make sure your information was correctly registered
              - If none of the actions above work, ask an administrator to [contact the support](/account/how-to/open-a-support-ticket/#writing-an-effective-subject-and-description)
          </Message>
      4. Click **Continue**.
      </TabsTab>
      <TabsTab label="Password">
      1. Enter the username given to you by your Organization's Owner or administrator.
      2. Click **Enter password**.
      3. Type your password in the box.
      4. Click **Continue**.
      </TabsTab>
      <TabsTab label="SSO">
      Scaleway provides Single Sign-On (SSO) options for a seamless login experience. By default, you can use your Google or Github account to log in to the console. To do so, make sure the email address associated with your Scaleway account matches the email address of your Google or Github account.

      <Message type="important">
        - If your Organization has [set up login via SAML](/iam/how-to/set-up-identity-federation), you must use the Identity Provider configured for your company to log in with SSO.

>         - SAML SSO login is in Early Access. This means that currenttly, only a few Organizations can access and test the feature.

Author: ```suggestion
       SAML SSO login is in Early Access. This means that currenttly, only a few Organizations can access and test the feature.
```
